docs/index.rst, before:

Welcome to Template Library's documentation!
============================================

.. _tps_logo:

.. figure:: /images/other/xopera-tps-black-text-mid.png
    :target: _images/xopera-tps-black-text-mid.png
    :width: 60%
    :align: center

The following documentation explains how to use the Template Library service.

.. toctree::
    :caption: Table of Contents

    introduction
    gui
    api
    cli
    plugin
..
    Indices and tables
    ==================

    * :ref:`genindex`
    * :ref:`modindex`
    * :ref:`search`

.. _Contact:

Contact
#######

The list of contributors:

- Current members:

    - Matija Cankar (https://github.com/cankarm): project designing and ideas
    - Anže Luzar (https://github.com/anzoman/): database, REST API, CLI, GUI, VS Code/Eclipse Che plugin
    - Špela Dragan (https://github.com/speladragan): CLI, GUI, VS Code/Eclipse Che plugin

- Former members:

    - Neža Vehovar (https://github.com/neza-vehovar): CLI

.. _Acknowledgments:

Acknowledgments
###############

This project is being developed by `XLAB`_'s `xOpera`_ team.
You can find more information about `xOpera`_ project and xOpera tools in `xOpera's documentation`_.

- This work has been supported by the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme
  (grant no. 825040, `RADON`_).

.. _XLAB: https://www.xlab.si/
.. _xOpera: https://www.xlab.si/solutions/orchestrator/
.. _xOpera's documentation: https://xlab-si.github.io/xopera-docs/
.. _RADON: https://radon-h2020.eu/

Commit message:

Add contact info and update CLI installation

docs/index.rst, after:

Welcome to Template Library's documentation!
============================================

.. _tps_logo:

.. figure:: /images/other/xopera-tps-black-text-mid.png
    :target: _images/xopera-tps-black-text-mid.png
    :width: 60%
    :align: center

The following documentation explains how to use the Template Library service.

.. toctree::
    :caption: Table of Contents

    introduction
    gui
    api
    cli
    plugin

.. toctree::
    :caption: More info

    contact
    GitHub <https://github.com/xlab-si/template-library-docs>

..
    Indices and tables
    ==================

    * :ref:`genindex`
    * :ref:`modindex`
    * :ref:`search`

.. _Contact:

Contact
#######

You can contact the xOpera team by sending an email to xopera@xlab.si.

The list of contributors:

- Current members:

    - Matija Cankar (https://github.com/cankarm): project designing and ideas
    - Anže Luzar (https://github.com/anzoman/): database, REST API, CLI, GUI, VS Code/Eclipse Che plugin
    - Špela Dragan (https://github.com/speladragan): CLI, GUI, VS Code/Eclipse Che plugin

- Former members:

    - Neža Vehovar (https://github.com/neza-vehovar): CLI

.. _Acknowledgments:

Acknowledgments
###############

This project is being developed by `XLAB`_'s `xOpera`_ team.
You can find more information about `xOpera`_ project and xOpera tools in `xOpera's documentation`_.

- This work has been supported by the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme
  (grant no. 825040, `RADON`_).

.. _XLAB: https://www.xlab.si/
.. _xOpera: https://www.xlab.si/solutions/orchestrator/
.. _xOpera's documentation: https://xlab-si.github.io/xopera-docs/
.. _RADON: https://radon-h2020.eu/
